Oh.
Oh my.
This.
YES.
Go to public places.
Don't let him run.
Follow me.
Calm.
I just found out two people were attacked as they left.
Lord Guo, are you okay?
Lord
Ha ha ha ok
Sure enough, you killed the Guo leader with your own hands.
I am dying today.
Revenge for Master Guo
Didn't I tell you he was dead?
I'll see where you run today.
Kill you, Martial Arts Alliance Leader, not me.
If you want to cook rice, you have to come to my place first.
Stop chasing.
Now the new program begins.
View owner
I order you to now make those who do not agree with me the leader.
Kill them all for me.
Unsympathetic
Finally put all the charges
All fell into Pham Hien's hands.